## Validated Contents for horizonte_2014_103_en. Created: 18/11/12 15:07.

2	Editorial/Editorial/Éditorial
4	Inhalt/Sommaire/Contents
6	A wandering marker pen
8	State funding for the media ?
10	The boundaries of science What can we know ? And do we want to know everything that we can ? We discuss the boundaries of knowledge , the ethical boundaries of research , and the breakthroughs that five scientists expect to happen in the next 20 years .
13	Do we know what we can ’ t know ?
16	Boundaries we ’ ve crossed – and boundaries we haven ’ t yet
21	The ethical and legal boundaries of science
24	Winning a race against time
25	Computer simulation of the distribution of dark matter in a section of the Universe ( diameter : 824 million light years ). Dark matter is not visible to our telescopes because it doesn ’ t transmit any radiation . It probably constitutes some 25 % of the mass of the Universe , and its composition is an important , unsolved astrophysical question .
26	The equation tamer Martin Hairer makes sense of impossible equations . For this he has received one of the highest awards in maths : the Fields Medal .
28	When vibrations become quantum Tobias Kippenberg was barely out of childhood when he began inventing a black ice sensor . Today he investigates quantum oscillation phenomena in micro-resonators .
30	Lake Geneva ’ s tsunamis Lake Geneva has experienced tsunamis five times in the past 4,000 years , with waves up to six metres high .
31	A Swiss cross made of 20 atoms Rosetta : returning to the solar system ’ s infancy Monsoons prevent selenium deficiency
32	The World Bank ’ s clients are leaving the building Many emerging countries are switching to development banks whose majority backers aren ’ t the Western industrial nations .
34	When helping isn ’ t enough Dreadful donation statistics in Switzerland : the role of patient organisations in the debate about organ donations .
35	Science as a career When Basel ’ s newspaper was liberal Africa is ageing quickly
36	The university – an institution for the upper and middle classes The Swiss scholarship system is a real federal mess . What can we do to ensure equality of opportunity for everyone in education ?
38	“ Showcasing damages science ” Most science communication is propaganda , says Pius Knüsel . It only offends people if you offer them pre-digested signifiers of the importance of science .
41	Technology : still a man ’ s job Careers in technology and the natural sciences have too many vacancies . 3,500 school students offer us possible reasons why .
42	Diversity lost for ever Despite the improved water quality of many lakes , their original water flea species will never return .
44	“ Their breasts become threatening ” The sociologist Maria Caiata Zufferey is researching into how women with a higher genetic risk avoid getting breast and ovarian cancer .
47	The changing face of the AIDS virus With its ability to recombine , HIV is a headache for researchers .
48	Earwigs : The chemistry has to be right The risk of illness in junk DNA Fighting Parkinson ’ s with genetic engineering
49	Measuring altitude
50	Only international scholarship can achieve universal validity
